Following her U.N. address about the existential threat posed by a rapidly warming planet, citizens across the United States confirmed Monday they were perplexed by Swedish climate activist Greta Thunberg, a 16-year-old who apparently has no desire to see the world end. “I know she’s from another country, but she’s still a teenager, right?” said 33-year-old Sophia Williams of Kenosha, WI, her confusion reportedly shared by millions of Americans who recalled that during their own adolescence they had hated the world and everyone in it and had felt the end couldn’t come fast enough. “I don’t understand why a high school kid like her isn’t locking herself in her bedroom and writing bad poetry about how nothing matters and everything is meaningless. Instead of going around the world and giving speeches in which she urges people to save the planet, shouldn’t she be commiserating with her friends about how pointless life is and how we’d all be better off dead? I just don’t get it.” At press time, an online survey found that a majority of Americans agree someone should make sure Thunberg’s parents are aware of her unusual behavior in case she needs to seek help.

Expressing frustration at being subject to an endless barrage of requests, Academy Award-winning actor Joe Pesci told reporters Thursday that he was “completely sick” of fans asking to take a photo with him while blowtorching his scalp. “It’s gotten so bad that I can’t even go out to eat with my family without being interrupted by another crazed Home Alone fanatic,” said Pesci, noting that he is typically more than happy to pose with fans as long as they wait until he’s done eating. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m flattered to have acted in a scene that resonates with so many people from all backgrounds and generations, but Christ, some days I think if I see another blowtorch, my head’s gonna explode. There is a limit to how many skin grafts a guy should have to suffer for his fans.” Pesci added that he wished more people would ask for pictures in which they bludgeoned him with a baseball bat before burying him alive into a shallow cornfield grave.

After his streaming service came in second behind HBO in the total number of statuettes taken home at the awards show, Netflix CEO Reed Hastings reportedly chewed out his content creators Sunday in a relentless, rage-fueled tirade in the post-Emmys locker room. “You want to tell me what the fuck just happened out there—how did we lose to something called Fleabag, goddammit?” screamed Hastings, who chastised The Kominsky Method creator Chuck Lorre, Russian Doll star Natasha Lyonne, and others by name, reminding them he could cancel their shows with the snap of his fingers. “Would you like what happened to Tuca & Bertie to happen to you? Would you? Because if you don’t get your shit together, that’s the direction you’re all headed. And how is it you pansy asses didn’t produce a single documentary on nuclear power plant disasters, huh? I don’t care how you do it. Next time, get out there, melt one down, and film it if you have to. These are the Emmys, for Christ’s sake! Aw, you’re the sorriest damn group of creatives I’ve ever seen.” At press time, sources reported Hastings had greenlit 600 original scripts in an attempt to pad Netflix’s offerings for the 2020 award season.

Arguing that the streaming service has severely hamstrung the ability of directors to create saccharine, artistically meritless garbage, Steven Spielberg criticized Netflix Tuesday for ruining the golden age of pandering big-budget films produced by media conglomerates. “We were living in a wonderful era of insipid franchise-driven blockbusters when, suddenly, Netflix comes along and screws everything up by giving a platform to underrepresented directors and helping connect audiences across the globe to risk-taking, idiosyncratic films that would never be made by a major studio,” said the director of Ready Player One and Jurassic Park, blasting the streaming service for sabotaging the halcyon days of lowest-common-denominator cinema that gave viewers absolutely no credit and merely indulged their basest instincts. “They should be ashamed. They’ve single-handedly put an end to dull, inoffensive films that privilege melodrama and spectacle over substance, not to mention the fact that they’ve eroded the influence of executives who only care about producing movies that make as much money as possible. There were so many great artists, myself included, who sold out decades ago and, as a result, no longer have the ability to make a movie as resonant as, say, Roma. What will happen to us?” At press time, Steven Spielberg quickly retracted all of his comments and began praising Netflix after the company offered him a multimillion-dollar, two-picture deal.

In a brazen attempt to avoid serving jury duty and missing work days, film director and head festival juror Steven Spielberg told the organizing committee of the 2013 Cannes Film Festival that he strongly dislikes black actors. “I feel compelled to report to you that I have a personal bias against black actors and actresses that would necessarily impair my ability to carry out judicial responsibilities at the Cannes International Film Festival with integrity, impartiality, and competence,” Spielberg reportedly told Cannes officials, adding that he has always held these views and that he would therefore be a “poor choice” to judge films fairly over the next 12 days. “Since I do not wish my strong opinions on race to sway, obstruct, or in any way influence the jury’s final verdict, I recommend that you replace me with an alternate, such as acclaimed director and producer Ron Howard, for instance.” At press time, sources confirmed that skeptical officials had denied Spielberg’s motion for recusal and the director had sullenly accepted his $40 daily stipend.

Noting that the footage produced more questions than answers, viewers expressed disappointment Monday that the new trailer for Frozen 2 provided almost no clues about the specifics of President Donald Trump’s conversations with the leader of Ukraine. “It’s unfortunate that even a frame-by-frame breakdown of the Frozen sequel’s trailer offered almost no additional insights into Trump possibly using military funds to blackmail Ukraine’s president to investigate Joe Biden,” said Frozen fan Lara Hadden, complaining that despite indications that the Disney film would feature beloved characters such as Elsa, Anna, and Olaf, there were virtually no specific details about Trump pressuring Ukraine to undermine his political rival and aid his reelection bid. “Even a close reading between the lines of Elsa and company entering the enchanted forest that has been overtaken by dark forces still provides very little evidence as to whether the communications Trump had with the foreign power amounted to treason. They make it clear that Elsa is determined to discover the origin of her magical powers, but unfortunately, they play things pretty close to the vest as to whether this incident rises to the level of an impeachable offense.” At press time, the film’s creators urged fans to keep their eyes peeled, hinting that many easter eggs about Trump’s foreign communications remained undiscovered throughout the trailer.

